This is a collection of all the drafts and papers that I am working on, or have worked on. Not all of them are complete, or submitted. Dr. Sakhnov's "Local laminarization within 
the mild pressure gradient flow over the heated wall" specifically is a paper which I am only acknowledged due to correcting some issues with the text. It is, however, closely 
related to my ongoing computational fluid dynamics (CFD) project (the code for which is located in this repository's "codes" folder) that I have taken on with Dr. Sakhnov. The pdf "The Stefan Problem with Internal Heat Generation in Spherical Coordinates Subjected to Constant Flux Boundary Conditions" is a derivation similar to what is presented in the ASME Summer Heat Transfer paper, but for spherical coordinates, additional numerical analysis for this system is currently being performed on this system, and thus a draft has not yet been compiled.
"The Stefan Problem with Internal Heat Generation in Spherical Coordinates" has been submitted as of November 13th 2021 to Springer's Heat and Mass Transfer. "Math_Methods_Project_2" walks through the basic mechanics of the boundary layer CFD codes that have been uploaded in the "codes" folder.
"The Stefan Problem with Internal Heat Generation in Cylindrical Coordinates" is the paper that is currently being written for the work done on the Stefan problem in cylindrical coordinates. It is unique in that it includes consideration of the "mushy" zone which accounts for the possibility of a phase which is not pure solid, or pure liquid. It is also the paper on which I am corresponding author. Once completed, this paper will be submitted to ASME's Journal of Heat Transfer. 
